[narr]
In the previous episode,
Team Nankatsu goes
up against Team Musashi,
lead by Jun Misugi,
the prince of the pitch.
Using his prowess
and technique in soccer,
the prince ensnares
Tsubasa in a trap.
Every play leaves
Tsubasa offside,
demoralizing the captain
and his team.
Every attempt to score
is nulled.
[ann] Tsubasa is
offside again!
[gasp]
[ann] Once more,
he's offside.
[narr] Before
the terrible strategy
from team Musashi,
Tsubasa lost his confidence
and let the situation
get worse as his doubt grew.
[Tsubasa] His style of play
is way better than mine.
And on top of that, Jun...
has team members that are
almost as skillful as he is.
Jun...
even with your heart
condition affecting you,
you stand your ground.
No...
I won't ever beat you.
Jun, I can't fight you
head on.
[Jun]
What're you doing, Tsubasa?
You promised to face me
giving it your all.
[Tsubasa]
I can't do it.
[Jun] What's wrong with you,
Tsubasa?
I'm waiting for you.
Come here.
Try to stop me if you can.
[Tsubasa]
I'm sorry, I can't do it.
[gasp]
I'm disappointed.
[ann] And the ball
hits the net!
Team Musashi is
now winning.
We're excited to see
what'll happen now.
[Jun] Listen up,
attack them with
every ounce of strength
you have.
Destroy what little pride
that mediocre team
has left in them.
-Yeah!
[narr] Episode 21:
The Ace of Glass.
You get up, Tsubasa!
-Uh...
-[Genzo] You need to get up.
[gasp]
-What's Genzo doing here?
Genzo Wakabayashi...
Did you already forget
the promise you made to me?
You said you'd win
every single match
until the finals.
You're the captain now.
Will you let them down?
Your team needs you.
Answer me.
So now you won't
talk either?
Uh...
This is hard, Genzo.
[Genzo] Don't tell me
I spent all this time
recovering for no reason.
Answer me, Tsubasa.
Are you willing to let
everybody down?
Uhh...
[Roberto] Listen to
your teammate, Tsubasa.
-Huh?
-[Roberto] Tell me you're
you're not giving up.
Or maybe...you don't want
to go to Brazil anymore?
Answer us now.
Roberto...
That's right.
I won't forgive you
if you don't play like
your usual self.
You need to get up.
You need to win
today's match.
Do it for everyone here.
[gasp]
Hmm...
[Genzo]
Tsubasa...
do you still remember
the day
we met playing soccer?
You and I were rivals...
and that rivalry...
is what made us play
with everything we had
until the end.
We share the same
fighting spirit.
Get the hell up.
We still have a goal
we need to reach.
To beat Kojiro
in the finals.
Oh...
[Genzo] I've trained hard,
just like you have.
Tsubasa...
I won't allow you
to ruin everybody's dreams.
You're not alone.
We're all here with you.
Wake up.
-Uh...
-[Taro] You should listen
-to Genzo.
-Huh?
Jun is right as well.
He's waiting for you
to play,
giving your all
like always have, Tsubasa.
Huh?
You can't let him down
like this.
Nor can you disappoint
the team
that's been there
by your side.
We're all counting on you
to make it
to the finals
of the tournament.
And you shouldn't
forget that...
the ball is our best friend.
[gasp]
Oh...
[laughs]
That's the spirit.
Tsubasa.
[laughs]
Do it, Tsubasa.
Please forgive me, you guys.
I'm sorry for the way I've
been playing up until now.
I forgot how much
this opportunity
really means everyone.
And to me as well...
This match means everything.
I'm going to play...
But this time around,
I'm not holding
anything back anymore.
You said it.
That's the Tsubasa
I know and love.
-We're gonna win.
-Let's win this.
They're not gonna beat us
that easily.
From now on, they're going
to see the real Nankatsu.
[Tsubasa]
If it wasn't for you,
I wouldn't be able to play
giving my all.
[Genzo]
Tsubasa.
[chatter]
In the end, it looks like
you decided to get serious.
I'm glad.
[ann] The game
is still going
and team Nankatsu will
start the match up again.
With a few minutes
on the clock,
it'll be hard for them
to tie the score.
Let's see if they can
tie the match
with so little time
left on the clock.
-[cheering]
-You can do it, Tsubasa.
-Cheer up, Nankatsu.
-You can do it!
[whistle]
[ann] And now,
Nankatsu has the ball.
It's our turn, Musashi.
Yeah, we're right
behind you, Tsubasa.
I won't let you through.
[grunt]
[ann] Whoa,
it looks like Tsubasa
has finally woken up
and is playing
like always.
Good, Tsubasa.
Whoa!
[panting]
[grunting]
That's right, Tsubasa,
keep on going.
[Roberto]
Good, Tsubasa.
You finally got
your fighting spirit back.
Your talent was never
overshadowed by Jun...
You're a worthy opponent.
You have to face him.
Go and show him
what you're made of.
You can do it, Captain.
[yelling]
[ann] And Tsubasa
evades the slide tackle
with a huge leap.
[Jun]
Despite the pouring rain,
Tsubasa isn't faced
by anything.
His balance is
simply perfect.
That's the Tsubasa I've
been dying to challenge.
[grunt]
It's all yours, Taro.
[gasps]
[grunt]
-What just--?
It's yours.
Now it's our turn, Tsubasa.
[grunt]
[ann]
What an excellent
series of passes
from the famous
- golden duo.
-[laugh]
- It looks like
-[cheering]
- Nankatsu's golden duo
-Good job.
- is back in business.
-You're our golden duo.
You can do it.
[ann] But Jun Misugi
is waiting for them
in front of the goal
to put a stop to them.
[Tsubasa] I will admit that
your technique
is way better than mine...
but you won't beat me
in fighting spirit.
[Jun]
Come, now or never.
Finally, this is our battle.
-[Jun] Yeah!
-[Tsubasa] Yeah!
[grunt]
[grunts]
[gasp]
[grunt]
[ann] And the prince
stops Tsubasa
- in his tracks.
-[gasps]
[grunt]
Tsubasa!
I stopped him.
Not yet.
But how did you--?
[ann]
Incredible,
Tsubasa manages to kick
the ball into the air,
but falls straight
to the ground.
- What a great play!
-[scream]
Get up, Tsubasa.
The ball is still in.
You can shoot!
Genzo!
[grunt]
[grunts]
[ann] Tsubasa gets up with
all the strength he's got
and flies to make a header.
-[grunt]
-[scream]
[ann] The goalkeeper
can't reach it.
Go inside.
[gasps]
[ann] But the ball
hits the goalpost.
[gasps]
[groan]
[ann] Despite gaining
back his confidence,
- he couldn't score.
-Oh, just when we thought
our captain got back
his confidence.
[Hanji] This is far from
being over, guys.
Huh?
Now you're going to get
to meet the real Nankatsu.
-Yeah!
-That's right!
Come on, guys!
[ann]
But it looks like Nankatsu
hasn't given up
quite yet.
[grunts]
[ann] Hanji Urabe gets
possession of the ball.
I got it.
Get ready, Tsubasa.
They're going to make
a pass to Tsubasa.
Come forward.
Make him be offside.
-Yeah.
Oh...
I know.
All I have to do is
line up with them.
Wait, Hanji,
don't pass it yet.
[grunts]
-Why'd you--?
-[ann] Incredible,
Misaki blocks
his own teammates' pass
and makes him fall
to the ground.
[gasp]
It's time.
[grunt]
[ann] Misaki makes
a pass to his captain.
This can't happen.
Tsubasa,
now's your one chance.
[ann] Thanks to
Misaki's intervention,
Tsubasa is
no longer offside.
[yelling]
-[grunt]
-[ann] And in it goes!
Tsubasa finally
gets to score
with a magnificent
Jumping Volley shot.
Yeah, that's right!
-Great job, Tsubasa!
-Yeah, you did it!
Tsubasa, you did it.
[ann] Tsubasa gets
another goal for his team,
showing his great talent,
and above all,
his fighting spirit.
The golden duo is back,
ladies and gentlemen.
-Hooray Tsubasa!
-[ann] The score is 3 to 2
with ten minutes left
for the match to end.
Nankatsu still has
an opportunity.
You did a great job.
Great job, Tsubasa.
Without a doubt,
Jun Misugi's technique
makes him a true prodigy
of the game.
But unlike you,
his talent already
reached its limit.
Unlike him,
you have yet to tap into
all of your latent
potential.
And to do that,
you not only have
your parents and me...
You can count on your team,
friends that'll grow
with you in your journey.
[Mrs. Ozora] You look
happy today, Roberto.
It's been quite a while
since I've seen you
smile like that.
[laughs]
You managed to break free
from my offside trap.
I'm glad you snapped
out of it, Tsubasa.
Now let's see who
the better player is.
Oh darling...
The doctor said
he couldn't play
more than 20 minutes.
Please ask for them
to substitute our son.
Ryota, start warming up now.
We may have to
change players.
Oh, uh, yes,
I will coach.
Listen up,
Nankatsu finally realized
they need to play
giving their all.
Let's return
their gesture twofold
and give it our all
on the pitch.
-Yeah.
-[whistle]
[ann] And Musashi
has possession of the ball.
[Jun]
Prepare yourself, Tsubasa.
Because this time...
I'll play with
everything I have left.
I won't hold back
just becau--
[groaning]
[grunt]
[Mr. Kira]
Doctor, please tell us.
How is Kojiro?
Look here, Coach.
[doctor] It looks like
the excess heat
in his body from the match,
and the huge strain
in his muscles...
made him get sick
from exhaustion.
It looks like he's been
under a lot of pressure.
I think we should
let him rest up
at least a few days
until he gets better.
Kojiro...
What'd he say?
How is Kojiro?
Tell us, will the captain
be okay for tomorrow?
Don't you worry
about it, guys.
There's no way Kojiro won't
play in tomorrow's final.
-Are you sure coach?
[Mr. Kira]
All our Tiger needs
is a little bit of rest.
He needs to recover
his strength...
so tomorrow he can play
to his fullest.
[narr] We'll be back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back.
[ann] We continue with
the semifinals' match.
Team Nankatsu against
team Musashi.
The scoreboard is 2 to 3
and the clock is
still ticking.
[grunting]
[panting]
[ann]
The rain is affecting
- both teams equally.
-[grunt]
You can do it, Nankatsu.
Don't lose concentration.
[growl]
[panting]
[ann] It looks like
the Prince Misugi
is beginning
to feel tired.
His speed has
significantly reduced
and his movements
are getting more sluggish.
-Jun!
Captain!
[grunt]
Looks like you won't
be able to outrun us
now that you're tired,
your majesty.
[grunts]
[ann] Nankatsu
slide tackles the prince,
but he manages to evade
the attacks.
[scream]
How could he move like that
with all this rain?
What? Isn't he supposed
to be exhausted?
[panting]
[grunt]
[ann]
Oh my, folks,
it looks like Tsubasa
put a stop on Misugi.
[Tsubasa] Misugi,
I plan on winning this
this no matter what.
[gasp]
[ann]
And he's got it!
- Tsubasa takes the ball
[grunt]
away from the prince.
- This is just incredible.
-[gasp]
That's it, Tsubasa.
Soccer isn't just about
having technique.
Just like Kojiro,
your fighting spirit
is much more aggressive.
Don't forget it.
-[pants]
-Stop him! Now!
[ann]
Team Musashi's defense
attempts to keep up
with Tsubasa.
[Tsubasa] With this rain,
they'll catch up
at any moment.
It's now or never.
I won't let you through.
[grunt]
-[ann] Incredible.
-[gasps]
[ann] Tsubasa is using
the water as a slide.
He falls on purpose
to reach out to the ball.
What's he doing?
[ann] Tsubasa is
getting ready to shoot
from that angle and...
[grunt]
[scream]
[ann]
he ties the match!
- Tsubasa used the water
-[cheering]
to slide and make that
spectacular shot from below!
-We actually tied the match.
-[laughing]
You did it, Tsubasa.
That play was amazing.
Congratulations.
[laughs]
Huh?
[gasps]
[ann] But what's
happening over here?
Team Musashi's captain,
Jun Misugi,
is on the ground with
his hand over his chest.
What could be wrong
with him?
Are you okay?
Captain!
-Captain!
-Jun!
Oh!
Let me help him.
Uh-uh.
We need to sub him out.
-Go in, Kojima.
-Yes.
-[Jun] Wait a second.
-Huh?
Just a bit more.
[grunt]
I'm begging you...
You promised
to let me play...
the whole match.
I'm begging you...
I don't want to abandon
my teammates.
Oh, Jun...
Everybody...
I'm really sorry for
keeping this from you...
but as you can see...
it's a serious problem.
-What?
My heart condition doesn't
let me play for a long time.
That's why this match
is different.
Team Nankatsu isn't a team
we would be able to defeat
if I didn't play
the whole match.
That's why
I've already decided.
This will be the last match
I play in my whole life.
I'm begging all of you
to please...
play with all your strength,
as if it were the last
soccer match of your lives.
-Captain...
I want you to play with me
until the very end.
Tsubasa...
our battle is far from over,
you hear that?
Misugi...
[Mr. Misugi] That's what
I want to hear, Son.
-Don't give up.
-Huh?
We know how much
you love this sport.
Don't let anything
take away that passion.
You have to give it
your all until the end.
Thanks, Dad...
Ryota, we'll hold off
the substitution.
Huh?
Misugi!
I'm leaving this match
in your hands now.
Coach Isao...
Let's win this, Captain.
We'll follow you until
the end, Captain.
Thank you, guys...
What?
He has a heart condition?
Sounds serious.
Everybody, I want you
to give it your all.
-Huh?
We can't let Misugi down
by pitying him.
We have to play with
everything we've got
'til the end.
Tsubasa...
So that means you knew
about his heart problem?
This whole time you knew?
[ann] There is only
seven minutes left
for the semifinals
to finish
and the scoreboard
is still tied.
Despite the pain
he's feeling,
captain Jun Misugi
is in position
with his hand
over his chest.
We hope
it's nothing serious.
-[Yayoi] Captain...
-[whistle]
[ann] This match is
burning with passion
and Musashi has the ball.
We have to help the captain
and give our best.
-Yeah!
Misugi...
[grunting]
[ann] Tsubasa has
control of the ball
and he is running to
the opponent's goal.
Perfect.
It's our opportunity.
-Keep going!
-Yeah!
[ann] But the prince
of the pitch
is waiting for Tsubasa
in the penalty area.
[panting]
Misugi...
if you weren't sick...
none of us would have
a chance of beating you.
[panting]
I won't lose this match,
because I too love soccer.
More than anything
in the world.
And I won't lose to anyone.
[ann] Incredible,
Misugi couldn't even move
and Tsubasa is uncovered.
[groaning]
[girl]
Oh, no, my Misugi.
Our dear prince
is full of mud.
Is he going to be okay?
Captain...
[ann] And here comes
Musashi's defense.
It's your turn now, Teppei.
[grunt]
It's mine now.
-[yell]
-[grunt]
[ann] Seiji Kanda blocks
Teppei Kisugi's shot.
It's mine.
[grunt]
[ann] Taki jumps
to get the ball back.
I won't let you have it.
[ann] But Sanada
from Musashi interferes.
- Now Izawa has it
-[grunt]
- and he shoots.
[ann]
And the goalie deflects
the shot with a fist.
Now Honma
has the ball.
Musashi shows off
their magnificent defense.
-[Jun] Minoru, pass it here!
-Huh?
Quickly!
Minoru, I told you
to pass it.
Yes, Captain.
It's all yours.
[ann] And the ball
goes directly to Misugi.
Team Musashi gets ready
for the counterattack.
Let's go.
[ann] Musashi's captain
gets moving
at a great speed.
Everyone, come back
to defend.
I'm tired.
I feel like my heart
will burst out.
Every step sends
a sharp pain to my chest.
It's unbearable.
But...
as long as I can still feel
the beating in my heart...
it means that I can still...
jump and shoot the ball.
My dad, my mom, Yayoi,
Coach Isao, my friends...
All of you have helped me
so much all this time.
I feel so blessed.
And now, as the captain
of Team Musashi,
I can't disappoint you.
I'll score a goal,
even if it means my life.
-[ann] Misugi is moving
-Huh?
- faster and faster
-No, no!
- with each step.
-How did he
get back his speed?
Despite his condition,
he's running way faster
than all of us.
I won't let him
get any closer,
I'll have to rely on
any means.
[ann] And Taro Misaki
slide tackles
from the distance
to take the ball away.
The water is letting him
pick up speed.
You can do it, Taro.
Be careful, Captain.
Jump now.
My body just has to jump.
[groan]
[ann] Misugi jumps
and evades Misaki.
[Taro] The pitch is
completely drenched.
How did he jump that high
into the air?
[ann] And here comes
Shingo Takasugi,
Team Nankatsu's defender.
You won't get through me,
your highness.
Jun, look! Be careful with
the player on your left.
-My son!
-Ah!
-[ann] Misugi loses
- his balance.
-It's mine.
Misugi!
Aw!
[ann] And he immediately
extends his legs.
He's not letting
anyone steal his ball.
[grunt]
[ann] Takasugi
falls to the floor,
Misugi has shown to have
incredible will power.
Now let's see if
he can shoot
before Nankatsu's Captain
manages to block him.
[panting]
-No, Captain!
-Captain!
Your courage is incredible,
Misugi.
But I don't plan on
stopping for anyone.
[Jun] Tsubasa, you won't get
the ball that easily.
This ball belongs to me now.
And I don't plan to
let you take it from me.
[ann] Tsubasa attempts
to kick the ball,
but Jun Misugi
successfully blocks him.
[groaning]
[ann] The ball is sent
flying into the air.
It's a divided ball!
[gasp]
Can't see.
The ball is still in play.
[groaning]
The ball...
I can't see where
the ball is.
Where is it?
I can't see
where the ball is.
I can't see it.
Where is it?
Above you,
on the right side.
On your right side.
[gasp]
I see it.
I can see it.
It's my ball.
[grunt]
[gasp]
It's mine.
[ann] Jun Misugi
gets to the ball first
and shoots.
[grunt]
[ann]
And he makes it in.
Misugi gets another goal
with an excellent volley.
-[cheers]
-Misugi! Oh my God!
-[ann] It's 4 to 3.
-I love you!
Team Musashi is
leading the match
with two minutes
on the clock.
I did it.
I scored.
-Did you see that?
-You got it, Captain!
-That was incredible!
-Come on!
He has a lot of
determination.
-That was amazing!
-Huh?
Huh?
Misugi, are you--?
[gasp]
[heartbeat]
My heart...
My heart is beating.
It hasn't stopped.
I'm doing fine.
My heart is just fine.
I'm so happy.
You're okay?
Captain.
-Jun.
-Captain, are you okay?
Uh-huh.
Hey, Tsubasa.
We're still winning
by one goal.
Oh!
We're going to defend
that goal.
And we're going to make it
to the finals.
-Yeah, man!
-Come on!
-We're gonna do it!
-Take it easy, Captain.
-Everything will be just fine.
-Come on, I got ya.
-just fine.
- Misugi...
It's okay.
Yeah, it's gonna be okay.
[ann] There's still
two minutes on the clock...
and thanks to Jun Misugi,
the scoreboard is now
4 to 3 in Musashi's favor.
Looks like this match
is decided.
[Genzo]
Wipe those
-frowns off.
-Huh?
The match still
hasn't ended.
It's just one more goal.
We can come back from this.
That's right, Genzo.
We can still come back,
guys.
This isn't over
until it's over, Nankatsu.
Listen up,
it's our time to shine.
Of course. The match
still isn't over yet.
We're going to give it
our all until the end.
[Tsubasa] We have to score
two more goals.
With Misugi still playing,
it seems like
an impossible task...
but if we can score
in the next two minutes...
we will have an opportunity.